you
What's there to argue with these idiots?
Watch grandpa stop for me first
Please go away
Don't delay my treatment for grandpa
cure
What time is it now? Are you still making trouble here?
Hmph, you trash still don't cure the disease?
Why don't you go to heaven?
Xiaoyi, uncle knows you are worried about grandpa
But now Dr. Zhang is resuscitating inside
Can't be disturbed casually
You don't go in until you wake up.
He can't cure it
Only I can cure grandpa's illness, you furry boy
You don't measure yourself
Hmph, grandpa is in danger now
Uncle keeps stopping me
Why don't you want grandpa to make anything?
Mr. Chen, I'm so sorry.
The old man is weak and the heart rate is too low
I'm afraid I won't make it through tonight
Grandpa
intentional
Just a quack
Why did my grandfather talk like that?
If my grandpa had three long and two short
I will bury you all